Add v2 migration documentation to the sidebar (#2015)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/user/apirule-migration/01-83-migrate-jwt-v1beta1-to-v2.md

# Migrate APIRule `v1beta1` of Type **jwt** to Version `v2`

Learn how to migrate an APIRule created in version `v1beta1` using the **jwt** handler to version `v2`.

## Context

> APIRule in version `v1beta1` is deprecated and scheduled for removal. Once the APIRule custom resource definition (CRD) stops serving version `v1beta1`, the API server will no longer respond to requests for APIRules in this version. As a result, you will encounter errors when attempting to access the APIRule custom resource using the deprecated `v1beta1` version. Therefore, migrating to version `v2` is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
APIRule in version `v1beta1` is deprecated and scheduled for removal. Once the APIRule custom resource definition (CRD) stops serving version `v1beta1`, the API server will no longer respond to requests for APIRules in this version. As a result, you will encounter errors when attempting to access the APIRule custom resource using the deprecated `v1beta1` version. Therefore, you must migrate to version `v2`.
```

## Prerequisites

> * You have the Istio and API Gateway modules added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have read [Changes Introduced in APIRule `v2`](../custom-resources/apirule/04-70-changes-in-apirule-v2.md).
* You have the Istio and API Gateway modules added.
```

* You have a deployed workload exposed by an APIRule in the deprecated `v1beta1` version. The APIRule uses the **jwt** handler.
  > [!NOTE] 
  > The workload exposed by the APIRule in version `v2` must be a part of the Istio service mesh. See [Enable Istio Sidecar Proxy Injection](https://kyma-project.io/#/istio/user/tutorials/01-40-enable-sidecar-injection?id=enable-istio-sidecar-proxy-injection).
* You have installed [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl) and [yq](https://mikefarah.gitbook.io/yq).

## Steps

This example demonstrates a migration from an APIRule `v1beta1` with the **jwt** handler to an APIRule `v2` with the **jwt** handler.
The example uses an HTTPBin service, exposing the `/anything` and `/.*` endpoints. The HTTPBin service is deployed in its own namespace, with Istio enabled, ensuring the workload is part of the Istio service mesh.

> 1. Obtain a configuration of the APIRule in version `v1beta1` and save it for further modifications. For instructions, see [Retrieve the Complete **spec** of an APIRule in Version `v1beta1`](./01-81-retrieve-v1beta1-spec.md). See a sample of the retrieved **spec** in the YAML format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Retrieve a configuration of the APIRule in version `v1beta1` and save it for further modifications. For instructions, see [Retrieve the Complete **spec** of an APIRule in Version `v1beta1`](./01-81-retrieve-v1beta1-spec.md). See a sample of the retrieved **spec** in the YAML format:
```

I believe obtain, retrieve (and get) all mean the same in this context, right? I'd use the same term everywhere for consistency; and I'd prefer the simplest vocabulary possible (obtain < retrieve < get); maybe "retrieve" is a good middle ground because you use it in the other document title anyway?

>     ```yaml

Reviewer: I think it's usually better to have such explanatory text before the example, because then the reader knows what to pay attention to and they don't have to scroll back up.

```suggestion 
    The following configuration uses the **jwt** handler to expose the HTTPBin service's `/anything` and `/.*` endpoints.
    
    ```yaml
```

    host: httpbin.local.kyma.dev
    service:
      name: httpbin
      namespace: test
      port: 8000
    gateway: kyma-system/kyma-gateway
    rules:
      - path: /anything
        methods:
          - POST
        accessStrategies:
          - handler: jwt
            config:
              jwks_urls:
                -  https://{IAS_TENANT}.accounts.ondemand.com/oauth2/certs
      - path: /.*
        methods:
          - GET
        accessStrategies:
          - handler: jwt
            config:
              jwks_urls:
                -  https://{IAS_TENANT}.accounts.ondemand.com/oauth2/certs
    ```

>     The above configuration uses the **jwt** handler to expose the HTTPBin service's `/anything` and `/.*` endpoints.

Reviewer: Inserted before the code block

```suggestion
```

> 2. Adjust the obtained configuration to align with the **jwt** configuration of APIRule `v2`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Adjust the retrieved configuration to align with the **jwt** configuration of APIRule `v2`. 
```

    See an example of the adjusted APIRule configuration for version `v2`:

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: gateway.kyma-project.io/v2
    kind: APIRule
    metadata:
      name: httpbin
      namespace: test
    spec:
      hosts:
        - httpbin
      service:
        name: httpbin
        namespace: test
        port: 8000
      gateway: kyma-system/kyma-gateway
      rules:
        - jwt:
            authentications:
              -  issuer: https://{YOUR_TENANT}.accounts.ondemand.com
                jwksUri: https://{YOUR_TENANT}.accounts.ondemand.com/oauth2/certs
          methods:
            - POST
          path: /anything
        - jwt:
            authentications:
              -  issuer: https://{YOUR_TENANT}.accounts.ondemand.com
                jwksUri: https://{YOUR_TENANT}.accounts.ondemand.com/oauth2/certs
          methods:
            - GET
          path: /{**}
    ```
    > [!NOTE]

>     > Note that the **hosts** field accepts a short host name (without a domain). Additionally, the path `/.*` has been changed to `/{**}` because APIRule `v2` does not support regular expressions in the **spec.rules.path** field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > The **hosts** field accepts a short host name (without a domain). Additionally, the path `/.*` has been changed to `/{**}` because APIRule `v2` does not support regular expressions in the **spec.rules.path** field.
```

    >

>     > For more information, see the [Changes Introduced in APIRule `v2`](../custom-resources/apirule/04-70-changes-in-apirule-v2.md) document. **Read this document before applying the new APIRule `v2`.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > For more information, see [Changes Introduced in APIRule `v2`](../custom-resources/apirule/04-70-changes-in-apirule-v2.md).
```
Maybe reading this document should be a prerequisite instead?

Edit: Added to line 11.

Author: good idea, thanks

3. Update the APIRule to version `v2` by applying the adjusted configuration. 

>    To verify the version of the applied APIRule, check the value of the `gateway.kyma-project.io/original-version` annotation in the APIRule spec. A value of `v2` indicates that the APIRule has been successfully migrated. You can use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To verify the version of the applied APIRule, check the value of the `gateway.kyma-project.io/original-version` annotation in the APIRule spec. A value of `v2` indicates that the APIRule has been successfully migrated. To see the value, run:
```

    ```bash 
    kubectl get apirules.gateway.kyma-project.io -n $NAMESPACE $APIRULE_NAME -oyaml
    ```
    The following output indicates that the APIRule has been successfully migrated to version `v2`:

>     The following output indicates that the APIRule has been successfully migrated to version `v2`:

Reviewer: duplicate 
```suggestion
```

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: gateway.kyma-project.io/v2
    kind: APIRule
    metadata:
      annotations:
        gateway.kyma-project.io/original-version: v2
    ...
    ```
    > [!WARNING] Do not manually change the `gateway.kyma-project.io/original-version` annotation. This annotation is automatically updated when you apply your APIRule in version `v2`.

4. To preserve the internal traffic policy from the APIRule `v1beta1`, you must apply the following AuthorizationPolicy. 

>    In APIRule `v2`, internal traffic is blocked by default. Without this AuthorizationPolicy, attempts to connect internally to the workload will result in an `RBAC: access denied` error. Ensure that the selector label is updated to match the target workload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In APIRule `v2`, internal traffic is blocked by default. Without this AuthorizationPolicy, attempts to connect internally to the workload cause an `RBAC: access denied` error. Ensure that the selector label is updated to match the target workload.
```

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: security.istio.io/v1
    kind: AuthorizationPolicy
    metadata:
      name: allow-internal
      namespace: ${NAMESPACE}
    spec:
      selector:
        matchLabels:
          ${LABEL_KEY}: ${LABEL_VALUE} 
      action: ALLOW
      rules:
      - from:
        - source:
            notPrincipals: ["cluster.local/ns/istio-system/sa/istio-ingressgateway-service-account"]
    ```

5. To retain the CORS configuration from the APIRule `v1beta1`, update the APIRule in version `v2` to include the same CORS settings. 

   For preflight requests to work correctly, you must explicitly add the `"OPTIONS"` method to the **rules.methods** field of your APIRule `v2`. For guidance, see the [APIRule `v2` examples](../custom-resources/apirule/04-10-apirule-custom-resource.md#sample-custom-resource).

### Access Your Workload

> - Send a `GET` request to the exposed workload using JWT authentication::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Send a `GET` request to the exposed workload using JWT authentication:
```
